# Where-can-I-find-luxury-homes-in-Mumbai-
Mumbai is popularly known as the Golden city. It is also known as the city of dreams. We used to have a similar plot during the Hindi films of late 80s. Where a frustrated young man who was unable to give himself and his family a good quality life would board a train and land in Mumbai. He would then do odd jobs for sustainability until one fine day when he would strike fortune and make it big. The first thing he would do is to buy a luxury apartment in the same locality where he had toiled day and night.  Mumbai has seen several such success stories take shape and transform lives. It is also noted that one who came to Mumbai, never left. Such is the charm of this cosmopolitan city. The city is virtually bursting at its seams and yet has enough room to absorb anyone and everyone who calls it his home.  Mumbai during the 60s and 70s was way different from what it is today. The city which started from Colaba would end at Bandra. The areas after Bandra was called suburban Mumbai. Now the city has many satellite cities which have cropped up around the capital. We have Mira Road &amp; Bhayandar and Vasai Virar on the western side. While we have Navi Mumbai and Thane on the central and harbour front.  So which area is the best place to settle down and call it home? We would suggest, the place which is closeby to your workplace is the best. Since you can save substantial amount of travel time commuting to and fro and spend the same with your near and dear ones.  Colaba: This place still has its old world charm. The adjoining areas of port and a few old mills are now being developed into some prominent residential areas. This place is a good for pollution free luxury homes. The place still houses a lot of corporate business houses, so work place being close by can save a lot of travel time.  Powai: Last 20 years has seen this exotic suburb near Andheri turn into a beautiful cityscape. The place houses Mumbai’s famous water bodies and you can find a lot of luxury homes in the area. Powai area is well connected to both western suburbs and central areas. If you work at Andheri, Goregaon, Vikhroli or even Kanjurmarg; Powai is an ideal place to call home.  Worli: A lot of new buildings and luxury apartments have mushroomed in and around Worli. The place has also got a brand new landmark, the Bandra - Worli Sea Link, so travelling to western suburbs is like a breeze. If you want an apartment overlooking the sea with lots of natural sunlight and ample breeze, Worli is a promising place.  Borivalli: This place is an important node on the western side and easily accessible by railway. The place is also home to Aarey forest which is also called the lungs of Mumbai, with its lush green foliage. The place also experiences lots of rainfall during the monsoons. So those who love natural green surroundings with plenty of rain can opt for Borivalli area. A lot of new residential colonies have come up near Borivalli and Kandivalli area. The place is also a heaven for shoppers and diners.  Chembur: This suburb on the harbour side was infamous for traffic snarls. Not any more, especially with new flyovers and the metro work underway. The popular RK Studio area is being developed by Godrej and one can book a luxury apartment there. The place is well accessible by road, rail and metro too; so travelling is not much of a task. The place also has good number of open spaces and parks for recreation and socialising.   We would be updating some more Mumbai suburbs in our next articles. So, if you intend to book your luxury apartments, watch this space. To know more: https://neogreenhomes.com/
